[orchestra playing]
[scattered gunfire]
[Geronimo grunting]
[Françoise, via brainwave]
Jet, Jet, come in.
Are Jet and Igarashi okay?
They were moving
at significantly high speed.
But there seems to have been
some sort of explosion
near 52nd Street.
[grumbles]
Sorry. I have to go there.
[Gilmore] No! 003, wait!
[groaning]
Jet.
[pop music playing]
[orchestra playing]
BEYOND THE LIGHT
There goes
our very own angel of danger.
-You watch your back, okay?
-Right.
[grunts]
My apologies. I'm in a hurry!
[crying]
[gun rattling]
[grunts]
But why?
[sighs]
Looks like you've reached
the end of your usefulness.
Too bad.
You need to forget everything.
[screams]
[panting]
[Joe] Catalina!
[grunting]
[Emperor] I've wiped her brain
completely clean,
even her language ability.
All that remains are solely
her instincts as a life-form.
You've taken away her past,
her memories.
You've even stolen
her dignity as a human being.
I didn't harm her,
not so much as a scratch.
That's kind, isn't it?
Shut your mouth!
If you take that away,
it's no different
than killing her.
Is that so?
But she looks so untroubled
and at peace like this.
It will take some time,
but if all humans start over
from this level of purity,
the world changes
for the better.
You monster. This is
your plan to save mankind?
[Emperor] Humanity already
created ultimate chaos
by toppling the Tower of Babel.
Now they need to start over
again from scratch.
No need to worry.
I shall tenderly nurture
this new era of mankind,
guiding them into a world
of peerless potential.
Who do you think you are,
some kind of god?!
One does not become a god
of one's own accord.
However, the day
when this new race of humanity
will clamor to anoint me as such
is not far away.
That is enough.
I will not allow you
to get away with this!
[Joe groaning]
I believe I'll wipe
your memories as well.
[screams]
If you would just let go
and forget everything,
your torment would end.
My friends who were wounded
and fell in battle...
all the people that I've lost...
there's no way
I'll ever forget them!
[Françoise] Dr. Gilmore! Doctor!
What is it, 003?!
It's Jet's brainwaves.
I can't detect them,
nothing at all.
[Gilmore] But I'm certain
he defeated Pyotr.
Jet, come in.
Where are you, anyway? Come in!
Say something!
[growls]
[sighs]
Hold on.
Joe's in danger.
We must intervene,
so I want you to go to him.
Right.
Joe...
I'm almost there.
[grunts]
You have to get
to the castle quick.
But you're still--
[Joe] Ivan's trapped
inside an anti-field.
He can't move.
And Catalina is here, too.
[gasps]
All right.
We need to get over there.
[Gilmore] We've got to find
a way through this.
[Pyunma] Roger that.
Uh-oh.
[engine sputtering]
Ai-yah!
[G.B. stammers]
Ahh, I'm going to fall soon.
They hit the engine.
We can't sustain our flight.
[gasps] 008, there. That's it.
That was more like crashing
than landing, if you ask me.
Nice one, Pyunma.
Certainly some
adventurous piloting there.
Under the circumstances,
I'd call that gentle.
[G.B.] Where is he?
[Geronimo] Come on. Let's go.
[tires screeching]
Ivan!
[telepathically]
003. Help Catalina.
Was it the Emperor?
Yes.
How could he?
[Catalina gasps]
What's wrong? Catalina, please!
[Ivan] She might be linking
her consciousness with 009.
You're persistent.
I'll give you that.
[Chang exhaling]
006.
-Am I glad to see you.
-Don't worry.
-I can take care of this ice.
-008, You go that way.
Gotcha.
I see that you have arrived,
my cyborgs.
[Pyunma groans]
-[grunts]
-[Emperor] Good.
You can join your rash leader
and throw
all of your lives away.
[cyborgs groaning]
You cyborg simpletons.
All bark, no bite.
[roars]
Geronimo!
[yells]
Joe, Accelerate
like you did that day!
[Ivan] This looks to be
a very dire situation.
You mean his Accelerator
is having no effect?
It seems the Emperor
is predicting 009's moves
by eclipsing him
in speed of thought.
So then...
With his usual acceleration,
Joe can't win.
Oh, no.
The only thing
we can do to assist
is put our faith in 009
and keep fighting.
Everybody, are you
willing to do that?
Of course.
You better believe it.
-You can count on us.
-[G.B.] Absolutely.
That's the reason
we came here in the first place.
[Joe] Thanks, guys.
Troublesome creatures.
You're nothing more
than a bunch of warm bodies.
You think so, huh?!
I'll show you warm! [exhaling]
You'll see what we troublesome
creatures are made of.
[yelling]
[cyborgs grunting]
Accelerator!
[cyborgs yell]
Why can't I accelerate
like I did before?
[screams]
Joe!
Accelerator!
[gasping]
[gasps] Catalina.
Ivan?
Wait. This view.
[Emperor gasping]
What is this nothingness I see?
What was that?
What did I see just now?
What was that place?
The emptiness.
What happened?
[Ivan] That is what 009 sees
while he's accelerating.
It would seem the Emperor
just saw the same thing.
How is that possible?
[wails]
-[gasping]
-Catalina?
Is that 009's view
when he accelerates?
Damn you, Linker.
You used your power
on me and 009.
You linked our minds.
You will regret that decision!
-[Françoise gasps]
-[Catalina yelling]
Catalina!
[gasping]
[Joe] No, don't!
[screams]
[Joe] Catalina!
Catalina, say something.
[gasps]
I'll never forget you,
no matter what...
Joe.
Catalina!
I know that I
wiped her mind clean.
How does she remember you?
You sad fool.
Because humans never forget
what's most important to them.
To be swayed
by such pointless pity.
Such a foolish woman.
[Joe] Bastard.
Don't you have a heart?
As to what you mean by a heart,
I never really had one
to begin with.
These useless sensations
of yours,
this "love,"
that makes you weak.
No, that's not true.
Power without heart,
that's only a form of weakness.
[gasps]
Why am I not hitting him?
[Ivan] You must sense it, too,
the fact
that 009's acceleration
is faster than before.
Don't make me laugh. What good
will mere acceleration do?
You still don't understand?
Every time
009 uses his Accelerator,
he sees that view all alone.
[Emperor] You be quiet, Ivan.
[Ivan gasping]
Every time he accelerates?
Not possible.
There's no way this novice
could endure that level
of overwhelming loneliness.
[Joe yells]
[Ivan] For three millennia,
you've looked down on others
and manipulated them
to serve your needs,
but by using his power
of acceleration,
009 has lived
many times longer than you
and has always accepted
the needs of others.
That, in the end,
is what makes him so powerful.
What a ridiculous sentiment.
Do you mean to say
that this cyborg
is more powerful than me? Uhh!
[Joe] Why?
Why isn't time rewinding?
009, even if you manage
to exceed the speed of light,
there are some things
that happen
that you simply cannot change.
[Joe] Then Catalina is really...
[gasps]
I am done playing with you!
[cyborgs yell]
Ivan!
[gasps]
Are you still planning
to generate that shockwave?
Don't fight me on this.
Let's you and I
destroy the world together.
That would be fun,
wouldn't it?
-Ivan!
-Don't worry.
As long as I simply
give in to his will,
we can escape destruction.
[Joe] Are you including
yourself in that?
[Ivan] Please, look after
the others for me.
[Joe] I won't let you do this.
Accelerator!
Did you abandon your comrades
and escape, 009?
Attention, cyborgs.
Take your last breaths
before your destruction.
I'm going to reduce this place
to a barren wasteland.
[Joe] It's no use, Emperor.
You see,
your goal is never achieved.
What was that?
Moments ago, I saw the future.
I went through time
and saw what comes to pass.
Joe!
[no audio]
[gasping]
[panicked gasping]
Get me out of here.
Let me out!
[Joe] Impossible.
You'll never be able to go back.
Why not?
And how can you
be acting so calm?
I've lived on this planet
for 3,000 years,
but this fear makes
me tremble with loneliness.
How can you possibly
endure this at all?!
Because.
Because that is
my mission in life.
Joe!
Ivan, do you know
where he went?
It seems that he
and the Emperor
have gone
beyond the event horizon.
But where is that?
In a place beyond our reach,
another dimension.
Wait. Do you mean...
Joe.
[rotors thrumming]
Wait a moment.
I can still sense
009's presence.
Don't worry. Joe's all right.
[Lucy] The official word
on the incident
that occurred
in New York three months ago
was that it had been
identified, fought,
and contained
by the United Nations forces.
No one would ever know
everything that the Zero-Zero
cyborgs had accomplished,
but these unsung heroes
put their lives on the line
to avert the threat
of an evil plot
by a race of mysterious
superhumans called The Blessed.
The cyborgs did exist.
Seeing these nine brave souls
who fought for humanity,
upholding justice,
facing impossible odds,
yet pushing forward,
is something that I
will never forget.
So where will you go?
Now that Catalina
has been given a proper burial,
maybe back home
for a little farming.
Seriously?
[Igarashi] Heh. They've
recognized my accomplishments
in the battle
against the cyborgs,
and I've been promoted
to Director.
Guess I won't be quitting
very soon.
Ah. And with that,
I take it,
you'll carry on their wishes?
It's a heavy load,
but I'll do what I can.
If anyone's earned a rest,
it's them.
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]